DOCS-6697 removed requirement for alphanumeric characters (#54)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/customize-your-canvas.adoc

Visualizer editors can save defined views so that any Visualizer user can access them.
When you close Anypoint Visualizer and reload the canvas later, the views you last accessed are displayed.

> You can use all unicode characters with UTF-8 encoding (such as international letters, symbols, and numbers) to customize Layers, Tags, and Display Names in the Visualizer UI or by using a runtime property.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using a Mule runtime patch that was released after December 12, 2019, you can use all unicode characters with UTF-8 encoding (such as international letters, symbols, and numbers) to customize Layers, Tags, and Display Names in the Visualizer UI or by using a runtime property.
```

When you close Anypoint Visualizer and reload the canvas later, the views you last accessed are displayed.

> Layers, Tags and Display Names can all be customized in the Visualizer UI or by using a runtime property.

Reviewer: Active voice
```suggestion
You can use international letters, numbers, and symbols to customize Layers, Tags, and Display Names values in the Visualizer UI or by using a runtime property.
```

Reviewer: Suggest the previous rewording to omit the text that follows.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use all unicode characters with UTF-8 encoding (such as international letters, symbols, and numbers) to customize Layers, Tags, and Display Names in the Visualizer UI or by using a runtime property.
```

> Anypoint Visualizer supports the use of international characters when you set layer names, tag names, and display names, whether you set them in the UI or using a runtime property.

Reviewer: omit

> Anypoint Visualizer supports the use of international characters when you set layer names, tag names, and display names, whether you set them in the UI or using a runtime property.

Author: ```suggestion
Anypoint Visualizer supports all unicode characters with UTF-8 encoding, including international characters, when you set layer names, tag names, and display names, whether you set them in the UI or using a runtime property.
```

> Anypoint Visualizer supports all unicode characters with UTF-8 encoding, including international characters, when you set layer names, tag names, and display names, whether you set them in the UI or using a runtime property.

Author: ```suggestion

```
